Hide the shipping method for virtual product when the order summary is enabled (#209)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: front-office/checkout.md

## Final summary

> If the merchant has enabled the 'Final summary' in the Shop Parameters > Order Settings section of the back office, a panel summarizing the order is displayed below the paiment block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the 'Final summary' has been enabled in the Shop Parameters > Order Settings section of the back office, a panel summarizing the order is displayed in the last step of the checkout, below the payment block.
```

> It displays the address of shipping and invoice, the shipping method ,and the product list of the cart.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add the info "and recap of product and shipping price, discount and total" ? (well, something like that but in good english)

> It displays the address of shipping and invoice, the shipping method ,and the product list of the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It displays the shipping and invoice address, the shipping method and a summarize of the cart with the product list, the unit price, the quantity, the total for each product line, the subtotal, the shipping and the total
```

![order final summary](/img/Order_final_summary.png)

> If the merchant has enabled the 'Final summary' and all the product in the cart are virtual product,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the 'Final summary' has been enabled and if all the products in the cart are virtual, then the shipping method and the shipping amount are not displayed. 
```

> it only displays the address of the invoice and the product list of the cart. 

Reviewer 2: Same as my other comment

> it only displays the address of the invoice and the product list of the cart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
